hello girls the girl today will be sui
blush in cream pupa lay from I have
four colors were sent to me
about two months ago from the pupa to steal them
1 bought in Italy dangerous
scilly so I tell you immediately are six and
color I am the number 101 200 and 12
one hundred and three and then what I am
bought which is the darkest one that it is
the number 203
the first is 101 with a little brighter than the
201 is a very light peach almost not even
we see then we have this which is a bit
plus a mix between a peach and a rose is
this which instead a little more coral the
203 price is 13 euros 50 inside
There are 4.4 ml of the product
consistency we say that it is not weighing
cream blush is more dusty on the
face therefore seems almost a fifth power
that I don't know how it translates into Italian e
what you notice that lasts a lot
short i mean i really tried them a
lots of times before you succeed in
get an idea of ​​it because I was one
unique products that I could not
deciding me nice sim didn't like them
because the effect on the face is very
natural but I just couldn't
to understand
like I didn't go out a couple of hours ago
he came back home there was no going
more in a cabbage
a little better and darker colors then
for example the last one I bought
number 203 is surely the best of the
four that I definitely have the worst is
the number 201 that practically does not exist
sees
but I like to see the effect on my face
with 201 you can see
and very light about the duration for me
on the two oretta then slowly begins to
to vanish
this is number 203 if you have skin
dry v where they have a little more if
you already tend to have a little skin
fat or anyway you have problems already with
peacock cases make me these powders
they will measure my motto very little
so for this product it is roll of
drums six and a half you know I put why
let's say I expected a little more than
this blush but in terms of duration
really my skin type or even
on that of a friend of mine because
present before leaving for Italy
for the holidays
I had given one to a friend of mine
approve it seems the number 202 if
the one I came back I sent him a
message to ask why back
glass because I have to talk view and you
wrote that it is clear however it is one
show dots dots does not last and has had
without the two receiving that he does not have them
wanted to have my say
my impression was the same
purposes that I had that anyway is a
plus what a nice start is not
lasts a long time